README.md, before:

# diff-with-tol

### Purpose : 
This code is a python script that can identify differences between two files.
It is particularly useful because :
1. You can use relative thresholds for each column to determine whether the files
   are identical or not. This sidesteps the issue of comparing files with very close
   but NOT identical floating point values
2. This file can compare files with both floating point and string data types.

### Installation :
1. Be sure you have `python3` and `numpy` installed
2. `git clone https://github.com/astrophys/diff-with-tol.git`
3. `python setup.py build`
4. `python setup.py install`

### Usage : 
For a file with `N` columns, the format is :

`python diff-with-tol.py <file1> <file2> <sep> [tol1,tol2,...,tolN]`

Where : 
1. `file1` and `file1` are input files
2. `<sep>` is the field seperator, typically things like ',' or ' ' or ';'
3. `[tol1,tol2,...,tolN]` is the relative tolerance for each column

E.g. `python diff-with-tol.py data/dat1.txt data/dat2.txt ' ' 0.09,0.05,0.002`

### Unit Testing: 
Ensure current version of code is working as expected by testing each column with
either float or str comparisons.

`python src/unittest_diff_with_tol.py`

Commit message:

README.md : 1. Modified to reflect ability to install directly as a module

README.md, after:

# diff-with-tol

### Purpose : 
This code is a python script that can identify differences between two files.
It is particularly useful because :
1. You can use relative thresholds for each column to determine whether the files
   are identical or not. This sidesteps the issue of comparing files with very close
   but NOT identical floating point values
2. This file can compare files with both floating point and string data types.

### Installation :
1. Be sure you have `python3` and `numpy` installed
2. git clone https://github.com/astrophys/diff-with-tol.git`
#### To install as a module
3. python setup.py build`
4. python setup.py install`
   

### Usage : 
For a file with `N` columns, the format is :

`python diff-with-tol.py <file1> <file2> <sep> [tol1,tol2,...,tolN]`

Where : 
1. `file1` and `file1` are input files
2. `<sep>` is the field seperator, typically things like ',' or ' ' or ';'
3. `[tol1,tol2,...,tolN]` is the relative tolerance for each column

E.g. `python diff-with-tol.py data/dat1.txt data/dat2.txt ' ' 0.09,0.05,0.002`

#### Using as a python module (see steps 3 and 4 in Installation section)
You can call this directly from Python by doing something like 
```
import diffwtol as dwt
dwt.diff_two_files_with_tol("data/diff-col1-f1.txt", "data/diff-col1-f2.txt", ' ', [0.1,0,0])
``




### Unit Testing: 
Ensure current version of code is working as expected by testing each column with
either float or str comparisons.

`python src/unittest_diff_with_tol.py`
